.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, before:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS DTCC Hackathon 


## Project Name
Regulatory Compliance Assist


### Project Details


### Team Information


## Using DCO to sign your commits

**All commits** must be signed with a DCO signature to avoid being flagged by the DCO Bot. This means that your commit log message must contain a line that looks like the following one, with your actual name and email address:

```
Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.com>
```

Adding the `-s` flag to your `git commit` will add that line automatically. You can also add it manually as part of your commit log message or add it afterwards with `git commit --amend -s`.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information

### Helpful DCO Resources
- [Git Tools - Signing Your Work](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work)
- [Signing commits
](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/signing-commits)


## License

Copyright 2025 FINOS

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Commit message:

application code
Signed-off-by: Sunil Dubey <s.c.kumar.dubey@accenture.com>

.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, after:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS DTCC Hackathon 

## Project Name
Regulatory Compliance Assist

### Project Details
Regulatory Compliance Assist
Our solution uses Generative AI to help institutions navigate highly manual Risk and Compliance processes, providing the uplift and insights needed to maintain a proactive and sustainable controls environment.

### Solution Components:
    Reg Change summarizer - Upload multiple versions of a regulations and get automated summaries on what changed, overall & by section. Draft communication.
    Chat with ‘Change Assist’ - Ask specific questions on “what’s new” and  “what changed” between versions of the regulation. 
    Controls Compliance Assist - Automatically map L1/L2 controls to regulatory documents & identify partial compliance & suggested uplift

### For the email Functionality

It only requires two parameters <recipient_email> as <abc@emai.com> and comparison_output (summary of text/string type)
The OUTLOOK_ACCESS_TOKEN expires every hour and needs to be replaced with the latest access token available here: https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer

### Team Information

Bhawana Asija
Sunil Kumar Dubey
Rishi Ghosh
Snehal Adhyapak
Harshitha Chellamalla
Bhagyashree Devendrappa
Surya Bala Ramakrishnan
Navnirman Singh
Durga Vaidyanathan
Amisha Reddy

## Using DCO to sign your commits

**All commits** must be signed with a DCO signature to avoid being flagged by the DCO Bot. This means that your commit log message must contain a line that looks like the following one, with your actual name and email address:

```
Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.com>
```

Adding the `-s` flag to your `git commit` will add that line automatically. You can also add it manually as part of your commit log message or add it afterwards with `git commit --amend -s`.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information

### Helpful DCO Resources
- [Git Tools - Signing Your Work](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work)
- [Signing commits
](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/signing-commits)


## License

Copyright 2025 FINOS

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
